let me just show you how useful yoga
blocks can actually be they can actually
give yourself a Target to stretch to or
they can actually make that Target much
more difficult to reach oh I did it if
you're stretching on a hard floor as I
often do it actually makes for a very
very comfortable spot to put whatever
you're putting on the floor but my
favorite way to use a yoga block is
actually to track progress four blocks
high that isn't very difficult to touch
but it does get a little bit more
difficult when you go for your elbow to
touch again and I think you already get
it but if I just drop a block it becomes
that much more harder till eventually
there's a point that
oh I can barely get to and because I
know you want to see it I'll take it and
try the last
block yeah oh man I'll get there
eventually but not yet anyway stay flexy